journal.md, before:

# August 27, 2025
Today, I created my first GitHub account and repository. I'm excited to start using GitHub for my projects!

# September 5th, 2025
I think the new cell phone law is a bit unnessecary because it it's not very needed. People were protesting a bit. So I think it isnt needed 

# September 8th, 2025
Computer science has helped me strenghthen my courage to do Game and App Development. In this class, 60% of kids want to do more of their interests.

# September 22th, 2025
I think it could possibly be a bad idea because people will lose the incentive to actually physically do work

# September 30th, 2025
67 is from a song. people are taking it to higher levels.

# October 6th, 2025
If I were in charge, I would allow every game website as long as everyone's work was done and they had 100% nothing left to do. I think that would make people like school slightly more. Also, maybe allow chatbots like ChatGPT, Gemini, and Character.ai because character.ai can help with relationships(rarely, though). Of course, no sites like Tumblr, (The Hub), or any harmful websites or malware will be allowed.

# October 14th, 2025
I programmed AI to make slides about basic geometry. I would say the topic is more for 1st graders and below.

# October 20th, 2025


| Name     | Class | Seat |
| :------- | :---- | :--- |
| Franklin |   2   |  91A |
| Hardeep  |   3   |  61F |
| Marla    |   1   |  35B |

---- 
# October 27th, 2025

| Name     | Main DIsh | Dessert Dish |
| :------- | :---- | :--- |
| Fiona |   Gado Gado  |  Creme Brulee |
| Tobias  |  Shrimp cevaiche   |  Apple cake |
|  Leanne   |  Beef Wellington   |  Raspberry Tiramisu  |

# November 3rd, 2025

If SNAP runs out of funding, they could fail to provide needs to other people in need, causing them to lose business and have to shut down.

# November 10th, 2025

Technology has changed the way people celebrate holidays by video game holiday updates, the christmas tree ornaments. I know because we see them almost every day. So therefore, tech has been changing our holiday celebrating lives.

# November 17th, 2025

Yes, I am very excited for thanksgiving break!

# December 1st, 2025
Drone deliveres are pretty good

# December 8th, 2025
It could be that the car is just failing to detect the difference between what's a stop sign and what's just something random. But I think it could also be that Waymo is really not caring about what happens to people, because they're only in it for the money.

# December 15th, 2025
My plansm for Winter break is to sleep, play video games, and just relax.

Commit message:

Fix typo and add entry for January 6th, 2025

journal.md, after:

# August 27, 2025
Today, I created my first GitHub account and repository. I'm excited to start using GitHub for my projects!

# September 5th, 2025
I think the new cell phone law is a bit unnessecary because it it's not very needed. People were protesting a bit. So I think it isnt needed 

# September 8th, 2025
Computer science has helped me strenghthen my courage to do Game and App Development. In this class, 60% of kids want to do more of their interests.

# September 22th, 2025
I think it could possibly be a bad idea because people will lose the incentive to actually physically do work

# September 30th, 2025
67 is from a song. people are taking it to higher levels.

# October 6th, 2025
If I were in charge, I would allow every game website as long as everyone's work was done and they had 100% nothing left to do. I think that would make people like school slightly more. Also, maybe allow chatbots like ChatGPT, Gemini, and Character.ai because character.ai can help with relationships(rarely, though). Of course, no sites like Tumblr, (The Hub), or any harmful websites or malware will be allowed.

# October 14th, 2025
I programmed AI to make slides about basic geometry. I would say the topic is more for 1st graders and below.

# October 20th, 2025


| Name     | Class | Seat |
| :------- | :---- | :--- |
| Franklin |   2   |  91A |
| Hardeep  |   3   |  61F |
| Marla    |   1   |  35B |

---- 
# October 27th, 2025

| Name     | Main DIsh | Dessert Dish |
| :------- | :---- | :--- |
| Fiona |   Gado Gado  |  Creme Brulee |
| Tobias  |  Shrimp cevaiche   |  Apple cake |
|  Leanne   |  Beef Wellington   |  Raspberry Tiramisu  |

# November 3rd, 2025

If SNAP runs out of funding, they could fail to provide needs to other people in need, causing them to lose business and have to shut down.

# November 10th, 2025

Technology has changed the way people celebrate holidays by video game holiday updates, the christmas tree ornaments. I know because we see them almost every day. So therefore, tech has been changing our holiday celebrating lives.

# November 17th, 2025

Yes, I am very excited for thanksgiving break!

# December 1st, 2025
Drone deliveres are pretty good

# December 8th, 2025
It could be that the car is just failing to detect the difference between what's a stop sign and what's just something random. But I think it could also be that Waymo is really not caring about what happens to people, because they're only in it for the money.

# December 15th, 2025
My plans for Winter break is to sleep, play video games, and just relax.

# January 6th, 2025
I used my nintendo switch to have fun with my family members and siblings while I was visiting my grandma's. I'm counting an oven as technology so we used an oven to make King Ranch Casserole.
